README.md, before:

# LionBars

LionBars is a jQuery plugin that styles default scrollbars to look and behave like in OSX Lion.
Please check out the demo at http://charuru.github.com/lionbars/

1. Main features
2. How to use
3. Options
4. Other things to note

## Main features

- Browser support - IE8, Safari, Firefox, Chrome, Opera (Win & OSX)
- Scrollbars look exactly the same in all browsers and OS
- The content doesn't get shrunk when scrollbars are added, just like in OSX
- Option to auto-hide scrollbars
- Dark and light style
- EndlessScroll functionality

## How to use

1. Download LionBars
2. Include the script right after jquery
    <script type="text/javascript" src="lionbars.js"></script>
3. Include the css however you prefer. For example, in the main stylesheet
    @include 'lionbars.css';
4. Call .lionbars() on all elements that have scrollbars
    $('#box1, #box2').lionbars();
5. You're done!

## Options

LionBars has some options that you can use to do some useful things. They will be explained here. All options are passed as an object to the constructor.

    $('div').lionbars({
        autohide: true
    });

### Autohide scrollbars

LionBars gives you the opporunity to autohide the scrollbars so that they will only appear if you scroll the content. To enable the feature you only have to set *autohide* to *true*.

### EndlessScroll

This feature makes it possible to react on reaching either to bottom o the right of the scrolled content. If you pass some handlers to the options they will be called and you can modify the content and update it.

    $('div').lionbars({
        reachedBottom: function () {
            // do something with the content
            $(this).append('your html');
        },
        reachedRight: function () {
            // do something with the content
            $(this).append('your html');
        }
    });

## Other notes

LionBars is a relatively new plugin and has been recently fully rewritten. The basic functionality is there and working, other extras like light and dark styles, etc. are going to be added soon. 

Thank you for your interest LionBars!

If you wish to contribute, make sure you contact me at me@nikolaydyankov.com

#### Developers
<a href="http://www.nikolaydyankov.com">Nikolay Dyankov</a>

#### Thanks to
<a href="http://github.com/kersten">Kersten Burkhardt</a> For implementing endless scroll

Commit message:

Rewrote README file for new framework

README.md, after:

# Need For Scroll

Need For Scroll is a JavaScript framework that makes scrollbars behave and look similar to MacOSX Lion/Facebook.
Also, this is a fork of LionBars repo (https://github.com/Charuru/lionbars).


## Main features

- Browser support - IE8, Safari, Firefox, Chrome, Opera (Win & OSX)
- Scrollbars look exactly the same in all browsers and OS
- The content doesn't get shrunk when scrollbars are added, just like in OSX
- Option to auto-hide scrollbars
- Dark and light style
- EndlessScroll functionality

## How to use

1. Download LionBars
2. Include the script right after jquery
    <script type="text/javascript" src="lionbars.js"></script>
3. Include the css however you prefer. For example, in the main stylesheet
    @include 'lionbars.css';
4. Call .lionbars() on all elements that have scrollbars
    $('#box1, #box2').lionbars();
5. You're done!

## Options

LionBars has some options that you can use to do some useful things. They will be explained here. All options are passed as an object to the constructor.

    $('div').lionbars({
        autohide: true
    });

### Autohide scrollbars

LionBars gives you the opporunity to autohide the scrollbars so that they will only appear if you scroll the content. To enable the feature you only have to set *autohide* to *true*.

### EndlessScroll

This feature makes it possible to react on reaching either to bottom o the right of the scrolled content. If you pass some handlers to the options they will be called and you can modify the content and update it.

    $('div').lionbars({
        reachedBottom: function () {
            // do something with the content
            $(this).append('your html');
        },
        reachedRight: function () {
            // do something with the content
            $(this).append('your html');
        }
    });

## Other notes

LionBars is a relatively new plugin and has been recently fully rewritten. The basic functionality is there and working, other extras like light and dark styles, etc. are going to be added soon. 

Thank you for your interest LionBars!

If you wish to contribute, make sure you contact me at me@nikolaydyankov.com

#### Developers
<a hfre="http://walody.com">Vladimir Shafikov</a>
Author of original jQuery plugin <a href="http://www.nikolaydyankov.com">Nikolay Dyankov</a>

#### Thanks to
<a href="http://github.com/kersten">Kersten Burkhardt</a> For implementing endless scroll
